fix(inspector): activate under Vite+ by matching its client module path (#1355)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: .changeset/inspector-vite-plus-client.md

---
'@sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte': patch
---

> fix: activate the inspector under Vite+ by also matching its dev client module path (`dist/vite/client/client.mjs`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: ensure the inspector is injected into the client correctly for Vite+ projects
```
